Extensions/v0.7 extensions (#86)
kwilteam/docs: docs/extensions/custom-auth/signers-in-js.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 2
sidebar_label: "Kwil-JS Signers"
id: js-signers
title: Custom JS Signers
description: Build custom signers in kwil-js.
slug: /extensions/js-signers
---

Similar to how the Kwil node can be configured with custom signature verification, the `kwil-js` client library can be configured with custom signers.
This allows you to support crypto wallets beyond the default ones supported by `kwil-js`.

## KwilSigner Class

The JS SDK provides a `KwilSigner` class that can be used to sign transactions with custom signers. The `KwilSigner` class is a wrapper
around a signer function that takes a message and returns a signature. It can be passed to any API that requires a signer.

```typescript 
class KwilSigner {
    constructor(
        signer: (msg: Uint8Array) => Promise<Uint8Array>,

>         publicKey: HexString | Uint8Array,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        identifier: HexString | Uint8Array,
```

        signatureType: SignatureType
    )
}
```

- `signer` is a callback function that takes a message and returns a signature.

> - `publicKey` is the public key of the signer. It can be passed as a hex string or a Uint8Array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `identifier` is the unique account identifier (e.g. public key or wallet address) of the signer. It can be passed as a hex string or a Uint8Array.
```
